README.md, before:

# My Engine to make QT / QML / Apps Or Games. 



Goals for version 0.0: 


    To load any .png image and wrap it in a rectangle.
    To use keys to rotate the rectangle.
    To have a simple but useful lightning scheme.



* Versions: 
    
    Major Version: 0
    Minor Version: 0



Status:

    1. Creating a Simple QML Interface Button to Select PNG image.


Activities Done So Far In This Sprint:

    1. Created this README.md file using markdown.
    2. Overlayed a rectangle to use it for overlayed rectangle.
    3. Created Button Functionality in the Rectangle.
    4. Triggered the Opening of a OpenFile Dialoge.
    5. Configure filters for png images.
    6. Modify the class to receive a filepath with an image. 
    7. Load the image and wrap it in the rectangle. 
    
    
Activities To Finish This Sprint:

    8. Use Right and Left to rotate around rectangle normal.
    9. Use Up and Down to rotate around rectangle "x" (like flipping a coin)

Next Steps:

    + Organize the Code
    + Create A Resource Manager Dialog
    + Create A Dialog to Add Primitives

Commit message:

Convert the heathmap scene into a qobject. Setup a timer. Rotate Around Z Axis.

README.md, after:

# My Engine to make QT / QML / Apps Or Games. 



Goals for version 0.0: 


    To load any .png image and wrap it in a rectangle.
    To use keys to rotate the rectangle.
    To have a simple but useful lightning scheme.



* Versions: 
    
    Major Version: 0
    Minor Version: 0



Status:

    1. Creating a Simple QML Interface Button to Select PNG image.


Activities Done So Far In This Sprint:

    1. Created this README.md file using markdown.
    2. Overlayed a rectangle to use it for overlayed rectangle.
    3. Created Button Functionality in the Rectangle.
    4. Triggered the Opening of a OpenFile Dialoge.
    5. Configure filters for png images.
    6. Modify the class to receive a filepath with an image. 
    7. Load the image and wrap it in the rectangle. 
    8. Convert the heathmap scene into a qobject
    9. Setup a timer.
    A. Rotate Around Z Axis.
    
    
Activities To Finish This Sprint:

    B. Use Right and Left to rotate around rectangle normal.
    C. Use Up and Down to rotate around rectangle "x" (like flipping a coin)

Next Steps:

    + Organize the Code
    + Create A Resource Manager Dialog
    + Create A Dialog to Add Primitives
